optimisations of the reverse proxy and docker rootless docs (#3492)
nextcloud/all-in-one: reverse-proxy.md

**Please note:** Since the Apache container gets created by the mastercontainer, there is **NO** way to provide custom docker labels or custom environmental variables for the Apache container. So please do not attempt to do this because you will fail! Only the documented way will work!

### Adaptation of the respective sample configuration
Of course you need to modify `<your-nc-domain>` to the domain on which you want to run Nextcloud. Also make sure to adjust the port 11000 to match the chosen `APACHE_PORT`.
 

> _Running the Proxy Manager in a Docker container_<br>
> The below configuration will only work if your reverse proxy is running directly on the host that is running the docker daemon. If the reverse proxy is running in a docker container, you can use the `--network host` option (or `network_mode: host` for docker-compose) to connect the reverse proxy container to the host network. If you are using a firewall on the server, you need to open ports 80 and 443 for the reverse proxy manually.
>   
> _Running the Proxy Manager on the host_<br>
> If that is not an option or not possible for you (like e.g. on Windows or if the reverse proxy is running on a different host), you can alternatively instead of `localhost` use the private ip-address of the host that is running the docker daemon. If you are not sure how to retrieve that, you can run: `ip a | grep "scope global" | head -1 | awk '{print $2}' | sed 's|/.*||'`. If the command returns a public ip-address, use `ip a | grep "scope global" | grep docker0 | awk '{print $2}' | sed 's|/.*||'` instead (the commands only work on Linux).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Running the Reverse Proxy on the same server, not in a container**
For this setup, the default sample configurations should work.

**Running the Reverse Proxy in a Docker container on the same server**
For this setup, you can use as target `host.docker.internal:$APACHE_PORT` instead of `localhost:$APACHE_PORT`.<br>
Another option and actually the recommended way in this case is to use `--network host` option (or `network_mode: host` for docker-compose) for the reverse proxy container to connect it to the host network. If you are using a firewall on the server, you need to open ports 80 and 443 for the reverse proxy manually. By doing so, the default sample configurations should work.

**Running the Reverse Proxy on a different server (no matter if in container or not)**
For this setup, you need to use as target the private ip-address of the host that shall be running AIO. So e.g. `private.ip.address.of.aio.host:$APACHE_PORT` instead of `localhost:$APACHE_PORT`.<br>
If you are not sure how to retrieve that, you can run: `ip a | grep "scope global" | head -1 | awk '{print $2}' | sed 's|/.*||'` on the server that shall be running AIO. If the command returns a public ip-address, use `ip a | grep "scope global" | grep docker0 | awk '{print $2}' | sed 's|/.*||'` instead (the commands only work on Linux).
```
